welcome to Thurmond New York we have a
nice log cabin to look at today this is
the front of it and as you can see it's
scenery all around surrounded by trees
and then across the way the view is
awesome Mountain it's beautiful view
year-round so we're gonna go inside and
look at this log cabin here's the front
porch which goes across the whole front
of the cabin so it's plenty of room
again great views let's go in show you
our white inside the door going into the
living room nice gas stove keeps the
place warm big living area everything's
open I'll head to the downstairs
bathroom number one you could see lots
of storage
this is a completely newly renovated
bath
moving back through the living room I'm
gonna head over to the dining room and
then the kitchen or the formal dining
area good size fits a full sized table
and then some room nice and light I've
got windows everywhere and from the
dining room we head right in to the
kitchen kitchens great size everything
you need including in the dishwasher and
this leads right into the breakfast nook
and the back deck here's the view from
the back deck nothing but trees and
wilderness and here's the breakfast nook
eating area now we're gonna head into
the downstairs bedroom
really cozy bedroom lots of light again
and right next door is the Beth
okay coming back out we're going to go
upstairs and look at the loft bedroom
great views from the loft ooh can you
look over at everyone
and here's the nice size loft bedroom
and attached to right up here on the
loft bedroom of quarter bath good
everything we need and that completes
our tour of our log cabin in Thurman New
York